A sleepless night is the worst punishment.
He that cannot obey, cannot command.
Don't boast of tomorrow, for you know not what a day will bring.
The just path is always the right one.
What was hard to bear is sweet to remember.
A guilty conscience needs no accuser.
It is not the destination that is important, but the journey there. 
A good deed is never lost.
Ask advice from everyone, but act with your own mind.
One rotten apple spoils the other.
Power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Ten enemies can not do the harm a man can do to himself.
Evil is sweet in the beginning but bitter in the end.
Who is mighty? One who makes an enemy into a friend.
A door once shut will not easily open again.
Fear the man who fears you.
The only truly dead are those who have been forgotten.
The reward for righteousness is peace.
When a life is at stake, don’t follow the majority.
Sometimes a little adversity can have its uses.
A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid.
First mend yourself, then mend others.
He that can’t endure the bad, will not live to see the good.
A good example is the best sermon.
When justice is done, it is a joy to the righteous but terror to evildoers.
Every kingdom divided against itself will be ruined
In life, each of us must sometime play the fool.
Everyone who sins is a slave to sin
To every answer you can find a new question.
The future belongs to those who have the best memory.
The darkest hour is that before the dawn.
If you cannot control yourself, you are not a free man.
The darkest hour is that before the dawn.
If you don’t aspire to great things, you won’t attain small things.
When justice is done, it is a joy to the righteous but terror to evildoers.
In the way of righteousness there is life.
Truth walks slowly, but it never loses its way.
The more you add, the worse it gets.
One path leads to paradise, but a thousand to hell.
For by your words you will be acquitted, and by your words you will be condemned.
When pride comes, then comes disgrace
Don’t boast of tomorrow, for you know not what a day will bring.
The forbidden fruit is always the sweetest.
Be modest in what you say and unrivaled in what you do.
As the twig is bent, so shall the tree grow.
From success to failure is one step. From failure to success is along road.
All the ways of a man are pure in his own eyes.
Light is not recognized except through darkness.
The wicked will not go unpunished, but those who are righteous will go free.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Enter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction,
The way you sow, so shall you reap.
Like a livelihood, redemption must be earned each day.
